---
layout: post
title:  "Q4 Board Meeting: Some Notes"
date:   2019-11-15
author: David Hayes
categories: [blog, board, cffc-org]
---

This is mostly my sharing my disorganized notes from the meeting, so you might be asking David (me) for more details if any of this is unclear.

## Outline pre-meeting:

* Q3/4 recap and accomplishments (David)
* New member nights: off-sites, FCx, etc (David)
* Standard Project Requirements (Steven)
* Fund raising purposes, goals (Steven)
* NoCoTech Party Raffle in Jan (David) -- specific plans for that
* Should we run hackathon(s)? (Steven)
* Leadership transition(s) in 2020 (David)
* MOU with CFA (David)

## Our Actual Meeting Notes/Minutes

### Q3/4 2020 Recap

* Threw the first FCx event at the library in September
* Honored by Volunteers of America -- (Kelly mentioned "A Little Help" as an organization in town that might be able to use help like the VoA)
* Started testing the Fire Department app
* Went to Brigade Congress!

### New Member Nights

* We want to attract more non-profit partners, more non-coders who want to work in the organization
* It's got two parts: what are we doing, and how do we get people to show up?
* Goals
	* (Steven) Build out a on-boarding email sequence to fill the role of telling people to come and see
	* (David) Run one of these Q1 (March):
		* Case Study event about what went well in a partnership and how 
		* Panel discussion where we intersect things like "Marketing" and "Non-profits" or "Technology"

### Status of current projects

* VOA app -- done but for search
* Fire Department -- in testing, not sure
* SAINT -- Matthew Stanford starting
* CERP -- maybe dead
* Bike Co-op -- Rachel is commencing follow-up
* Talking to Veterans -- unstarted

Kelly mentioned the idea of helping make sure non-profits aren't creating overlapping services.

### Standard Project Requirements

Steven is going to write up the ten questions we learned to consider before starting a project at Brigade Congress. David thinks it's great.

### Fundraising

What are we raising money *for*?

* Food and drink
* Volunteer recognition
* Buying tools for us or partner organizations? Yes and no
* Fund prizes for hackathons/competitions
* Monetary rewards for people contributing to our products?
* For grants, Kelly thinks getting money for hackathons is easier than "we're running quarterly meetings for this sake"

### Hackathons/One-time-events

* One of the big reasons to throw this would be that it's easier to raise funds, both from grant makers
* Timelines are generally 60-90 days before the event that you should have applied

### NoCoTech "Raffle"

* Kelly highlights that it's not a "raffle" and there is a "suggested donation" and not a cost.
* [David-action] Ask Jules about getting things for this
* [David-action] Confirm that we can buy "prizes"

### Leadership/Board

* David is leaving in Nov 2020 (for about a year)
* Steven is still thinking about possibly moving out-of-area if there's a great job offer
* Changing the "outreach team member" "role" to a "board seat"
* [David-action] Ask CFA about board, and publicly publish roles and who fills them

### Code for America Memorandum of Understanding

David will sign for us the year, and answer the relevant question.
